CODE_STYLE.md: profess love for Json, Toml, and snake_case (#3350)
rerun-io/rerun: CODE_STYLE.md

* [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md)
* [`RELEASES.md`](RELEASES.md)

## Languages
We prefer Rust.

We have a bunch of Bash and Python scripts that [we want to replace with Rust](https://github.com/rerun-io/rerun/issues/3349).

> For configs we like JSON and TOML, and hate YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For configs we like JSON and TOML, and dislike YAML.
```

> For configs we like JSON and TOML, and hate YAML.

Reviewer 2: `hate` is a strong word and sounds irrational, let's avoid that ;)
```suggestion
For configs we like JSON and TOML, and would like to avoid YAML.
```
